fix(examples): added missing readme for Common Patterns Examples (#208)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/key_based_replication/README.md

- You want to implement efficient, stateful syncs that only fetch new or changed data since the last run

This connector uses hardcoded sample data in DuckDB to simulate the behavior of a real database source.

## Requirements
- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)   
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started
Refer to the [Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## Features
- Simulates a DuckDB source with a `CUSTOMERS` table.
- Uses `updated_at` column as a replication key.
- Fetches only records updated since the last sync.
- Implements `op.checkpoint()` to store the latest timestamp state.
- Demonstrates how to build connectors for source databases using key-based replication.

## Configuration file
This example does not require any external configuration.

> In real connectors, you may provide database credentials, connection strings, or optional filtering parameters in a configuration.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production connectors, you may provide database credentials, connection strings, or optional filtering parameters in a configuration.json file.
```

This example runs against an in-memory DuckDB instance and does not require authentication.

In real-world use, your connector would authenticate to a source database using credentials and a connection string stored in the configuration.

## Pagination
This connector relies on a timestamp cursor (updated_at) instead of pagination. It fetches all rows greater than the last synced value.

To handle pagination for large datasets, use a cursor in combination with LIMIT/OFFSET or keyset pagination (e.g. WHERE updated_at > ? LIMIT 1000).

## Data handling
- On the first sync, the connector starts from a default cursor (2024-01-01T00:00:00Z).
- It fetches all rows where `updated_at > last_synced_timestamp`.
- It syncs each row via `op.upsert()` to the `CUSTOMERS` table.
- After syncing all new data, it updates the state with the latest updated_at value.
- The `schema()` function explicitly defines columns and primary key (customer_id).

## Error handling
- If the DuckDB engine or SQL query fails, the connector raises an exception.
- Use `log.fine()` and `log.warning()` to debug cursor values and row counts.
- The use of `op.checkpoint()` ensures recoverability on restart.

> ## Tables Created
> The connector creates one table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tables created
The connector creates the `CUSTOMERS` table:
```
